Fix/edit readme (#745)
AEGEE/MyAEGEE: README.md

[Read more about the project](https://myaegee.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/GENERAL/overview)

# Installation
## Pre-requisites: installations required

Install
1. First [Virtualbox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads), 
2. then [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html). 

Even if you have a linux box, this is **very** recommended. If you decide to not do it, *sigh...* but don't come to cry to us.

If you decide you know better than us, [install docker and docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) on your Windows/Linux/Mac machine, instead of Virtualbox and Vagrant. (Make sure you install the correct versions: tested with Docker CE 19.03.1 and docker-compose 1.24.1)

Note: if you use Vagrant, Docker will be already automatically on the virtual machine.

Memory requirements for the VM bootstrapped with Vagrant: 2GB (i.e. you need a machine with at least 3GB physical RAM)

## Pre-requisites: terminology

> Explanation of the installation are here. Explanation of why we're doing it this way is [at the bottom](#Under-the-hood).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explanation of the installation are here. Explanation of why we're doing it this way is [at the bottom](#under-the-hood).
```

A note on terminology:
- The computer you run Virtualbox on is the _HOST_.
- The created VM which runs Docker is the _GUEST_.

## Install the web application
**NOTE on URL MAPPING**: to be able to use advanced features, the `hosts` file has to be edited. The procedure is handled by a script (both for Linux and Windows machine) provided in the repo. Details are explained below.

> For manual edits, see [advanced URL mapping and troubleshoot](#Advanced-Url-mapping-and-troubleshoot).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For manual edits, see [Advanced URL mapping and troubleshoot](#advanced-url-mapping-and-troubleshoot).
```

./start.sh
```

**URL MAPPING for Linux**: You don't have to do anything, the mapping is handled by `start.sh`.

You will have to wait for up to 20'. A message appears when the bootstrap completes, and you can check if it works in the ways described in the [Usage section](#accessing-it).

> See [below](#start.sh-and-Makefile) for explanation of `start.sh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [below](#startsh-and-makefile) for explanation of `start.sh`
```

### Non-linux
> On the _HOST_
```
git clone --recursive https://github.com/AEGEE/MyAEGEE.git
cd MyAEGEE
```
**URL MAPPING for Windows:**
As a helper in the windows case, you have the script "`run_as_win_administrator.bat`" (not very advanced).
1. You have to right-click it and click "run as administrator".
2. It will tell you the line to copy (on another terminal that will open) and open the file you need to edit in notepad.
3. 	A) (Vagrant case) Paste the content at the last line of the file 
	```192.168.168.168 appserver.test my.appserver.test traefik.appserver.test portainer.appserver.test pgadmin.appserver.test```  

> 3.  B) (Docker case) Paste the content at the last line of the file 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    B) (Docker case) Paste the content at the last line of the file 
```

	```127.0.0.1 appserver.test my.appserver.test traefik.appserver.test portainer.appserver.test pgadmin.appserver.test```
4. Save, and exit.

> For any troubleshoot, see [advanced URL mapping and troubleshoot](#Advanced-Url-mapping-and-troubleshoot).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any troubleshoot, see [Advanced URL mapping and troubleshoot](#advanced-url-mapping-and-troubleshoot).
```

Once set up the mapping, you can continue the installation:
```
vagrant up
```

> You will have to wait for up to 20'. A message appears when the bootstrap completes, and you can check if it works in the ways described in the [Usage section](#accessing-it).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will have to wait for up to 20 minutes. A message appears when the bootstrap completes, and you can check if it works in the ways described in the [Usage section](#accessing-it).
```
Not your doing, but I think it might not be very clear for others

> ## Advanced Url mapping and troubleshoot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Advanced URL mapping and troubleshoot
```
Just makes it more in line with how it's called in line 69

**MANUAL EDIT**

> You are encouraged to edit (a script will do it for you, read below) the `/etc/hosts` file on the _HOST_ machine (on windows: `C:\Windows\system32\drivers\etc\hosts`) to add the entry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the script above did not work, you can also manually edit the `/etc/hosts` file on the _HOST_ machine (on Windows: `C:\Windows\system32\drivers\etc\hosts`) to add the entry:
```

Vagrant case: `192.168.168.168 appserver.test my.appserver.test traefik.appserver.test portainer.appserver.test pgadmin.appserver.test`

Pure docker case: `127.0.0.1 appserver.test my.appserver.test traefik.appserver.test portainer.appserver.test pgadmin.appserver.test`

> **WINDOWS write-permission issue**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Windows write-permission issue**
```

**HOORAY! YOUR SYSTEM IS UP!**

> For any issue, see [**Troubleshooting**](#Troubleshooting-/-other)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any issue, see [**Troubleshooting**](#troubleshooting--other)
```
